pionship teams in Group A we have LPL
Edward gaming Korea's Samsung white the
GPL sa HQ and turkeys dark passage in
Group B it's the North American champs
team solomid China's star horn Royal
Club the former world champions TPA and
Europe's SK gaming and a group c
consists of Korea's top team samsung
blue china's OMG the former world
championship team fanatic and the na LCS
rookies lmq and finally in Group D it's
the european champions alliance North
America's cloud nine Korea's nausea and
white shield and brazil's kaboom eSports
and now set your clocks calendars and
sundials because here's the group stage
schedule stage one begins in Taipei with
groups a and B on September 18th
starting at two a.m. pacific 11 a.m.
central european summer time and
continues through September 21st and
stage 2 kicks off with groups C and D
and Singapore on sep tember 25th those
matches will begin at two a.m. pacific
11 a.m. central european time on the
25th and 26th and for the 27th and 28th
the times will shift to 11 p.m. pacific
8am central european summer time and
after two weeks of intense group stage
action it's time for the quarterfinals
who moved to Busan Korea for the
quarterfinals where eight advancing
teams will begin competing on october
third at 1am pacific 10 a.m. central
european summer time on the 4th and 5th
the games will start at 10pm pacific 7am
central european summer time and on the
sixth it's back to a start time of 1
a.m. pacific 10 a.m. central european
summer time so you got to write it down
and after that we'll move on to Seoul
with the final four teams battling in
the semifinals starting october eleventh
and the 12th and those matches will
begin at 1am pacific 10 a.m. central
european summer time of both days all of
that will lead up to two teams fighting
it out in a final series that will take
place in Seoul sung on world cup stadium
where the victor will be crowned the
2014 world champion that final match
takes place on October 19th and note
that the opening ceremony will actually
at eleven-thirty p.m. pacific on the
18th which is nine a.m. on the
nineteenth central european summer time
just to make things more confusing
absolutely as a reminder there will